
alerts.proto monitoring true
app.proto security true
audit.proto audit true
auth.proto auth true
browser.proto browser true
cluster.proto cluster true
endpoint.proto workload true
eventpolicy.proto monitoring true
events.proto events true
example.proto bookstore true
export.proto monitoring true
fwprofile.proto security true
lb.proto network true
mirror.proto monitoring true
network.proto network true
networkencryption.proto security true
networkinterface.proto cluster true
objstore.proto objstore true
rollout.proto rollout true
search.proto search true
securitygroup.proto security true
service.proto network true
sgpolicy.proto security true
smartnic.proto cluster true
staging.proto staging true
svc_audit.proto audit false
svc_auth.proto auth true
svc_browser.proto browser true
svc_cluster.proto cluster true
svc_events.proto events false
svc_monitoring.proto monitoring true
svc_network.proto network true
svc_objstore.proto objstore false
svc_rollout.proto rollout true
svc_search.proto search false
svc_security.proto security true
svc_staging.proto staging true
svc_telemetry_query.proto telemetry_query false
svc_workload.proto workload true
techsupport.proto monitoring true
telemetry.proto monitoring true
telemetry_query.proto telemetry_query true
tenant.proto cluster true
troubleshooting.proto monitoring true
workload.proto workload true
x509.proto security true
